Federalist_Peoples_Government

The basic principle of the "Federalist People's Government" law is the acceptance of "referendum". That is, all the following laws should be taught to the people first, one by one, and for each law, a referendum should be left only for the adoption of the law. For the changes of each stated law separately for each state to decide for itself. We do not have any general law for all of Iran. I am not going to make a law that everyone wears a coat in Sistan because I wear a coat in Tehran!! Definitely, in Sistan, people like to wear the clothes they like. Also, in Kurdistan, men are definitely not provoked by their hair, they swear by their mother's hair, so I am not going to make a law for the people of Kurdistan in Tehran and unify the hijab in all of Iran!! There is no unified law among the referendum law of all Iranian people. So all the laws I wrote are taught separately for all states. Then, after being trained to see each law, the people of the states go to the referendum with their personal knowledge and authority. And if a law gets more than 50% of votes, that law can be implemented. All these laws must be permanently voted on by the people after every 2 years. Therefore, the method of "federalist people's government" should be clearly taught in the educational system. So that children are aware of their rights from the beginning of 10 years. A person is not supposed to be afraid of ignorance when he reaches the age of 30!!! Therefore, the only superior law among all these laws that I have written is the law on the implementation of the referendum for the people. There is no compulsion to announce the rules. Maybe a state wants to completely eliminate some laws altogether. He knows it himself. If more than 50% of the people do not want some of the laws I wrote, they can remove them. The voting age for the referendum is over 15 years. Voting for the referendum is equal for men and women. The voting rights of all people in Iran are protected. The implementation of the referendum by the centralized government system should not be implemented in order to suffer voting corruptions similar to America and the Islamic Republic in 1401. All referendums should be programmed by programmers on the blockchain platform for the people. After the referendum, all the expenses of this referendum from the sale of oil and gas will be given to the programmers. The salary of programmers is completely similar to the free market, there is no sanctification for these programmers. Please do not be idolaters!


1.The logic of policy decision-making in a federalist people's government with all-round freedom. The freedom that God has given to every human being. The logic is not to decide the policies of the "Federalist People's Government" with the minority of the people or the majority of the people. Because the place of minorities and majorities changes over time. For example, in a country, the number of Muslims may be small, but over time, the number of Muslims may increase and affect the laws. Federalist people's government is not allowed to change the constitution because of the minorities of the society or the majority of the society. Because the majority of the society is smaller than the power of God. Therefore, even if a person wants to walk freely in the streets of Iran naked, the law of "Federalist People's Government" is not allowed to stop him. Certainly, if this person had received a good education, he would not have done such a thing. So instead of condemning a naked person on the street, condemn the teachers, educators, the education system, the one who paid the teachers, the politicians during that person's education!!! If you can't do this, then it's better to keep silent, because that naked person has complexes that if he didn't have, he definitely wouldn't do such a thing. No man wants to draw attention to his naked body if he doesn't have a deficiency. If Lekht comes to the street and shouts as long as it does not lead to murder and child abuse, it is definitely not a problem. But if a child sees this person on the way, it will definitely have a negative effect on the child's mind. So instead of condemning this complex person! Protect your child. This person cannot walk naked in the street forever!!! "Federalist People's Government" has based its decisions on the freedom that God has given to man. The only place where God has directly and decisively stopped man has been and will be 2 points: the first one is killing a human being and the second one is child abuse. There is a topic called "gradual slope of degeneration". That is, if a naked person on the street is stopped, we will probably eventually reach a point where we want to wrap people in thousands of tents so that there is no sin in the society!!! Take this issue of gradual decline seriously because it will destroy any belief you have!!! To prevent human problems, 5 basic needs of every human must be satisfied: 1- Freedom. 2- Love and sense of belonging. 3- Entertainment. 4- Maintaining survival. 5- Seeking power. But the size of the container needed by each person varies. For example, the container of individual freedom can be 1 unit, the container of individual need can be 1000 units. Therefore, freedom cannot be provided for all people. But it is possible to stop people who have a great desire for power so that they do not limit the freedom of others. Pay attention, in order to prevent anarchists, to prevent extreme socialists, to prevent extreme communists, it is necessary to stop people with a great desire for power, so that they do not become legislators. Because these people have a great desire for power and will destroy the country. Throughout history every dictatorship has backed itself behind the balanced communist and changed it in the most extreme way possible. Throughout history, every dictatorship has backed itself behind the balanced socialist and changed it in the most extreme way possible and made a dictatorship. Throughout history, every dictatorship has placed itself behind Islam and Christianity and changed it in the most extreme possible way. Make sure that legislation is entrusted to people with a large capacity for freedom and a small capacity for power. The implementation of the law should be entrusted to a person with a lot of federalism and low freedom to implement all the law. Pay attention that the judiciary and the top judges of the society must be people with the ability to maintain great survival and the ability to have great freedom in order to have free and constructive judgments. Not that they want to cure by execution!!! The therapeutic execution syndrome should be abandoned with judges who have a large capacity to preserve survival and freedom. Use the selection theory to select a judge, parliament member, president and his ministers.
Justice and security that has not passed through the window of freedom has no value. Two women wanted a child and they brought it to Imam Ali and in order to test these two women he said: So we will cut the child in half so that each of you gets a share of the child!!! The woman who was the real mother of the child was afraid. Certainly, if this justice was done, the child would have been killed! He said: I am passing my mother's right. Imam Ali said to the other woman: If you were the real mother of this child, you would have violated your right as a mother. This story shows that justice has no meaning without freedom. As Imam Ali showed us humans. Also, human freedom should not be restricted for security. For example, if we put a person in a room 1 meter by 1 meter and give him bread, he will definitely be safe and will survive!!! Therefore, we should not play with human freedom in the name of security and justice.
Until they understand the meaning of freedom, people fall into thousands of traps and traps by thoughts and ideas: like the trap of militarism that was carried out by the people in the 1957 revolution and led to the formation of 3 armies in Iran after the 1957 revolution!! ! Islamic Republic Army, Revolutionary Guards, Police Force!!! And this militarism led to the formation of several intelligence organizations in Iran, the scope of work of all these organizations was not specified, for example, the intelligence of the Revolutionary Guards is busy both inside Iran and outside Iran! For example, the intelligence organization is under the supervision of the president, but the exact field of work is not clear! For example, the country's intelligence and security organization!! For example, the Police Intelligence Organization!!! In general, this large amount of militarism makes the government have a large body and give a lot of money to people. But all these organizations should be privatized and get their salaries and income from the people of the state instead of taking it from the people, with measurable services in the area of ​​their state.
like this :
We have an army and an intelligence agency. The army's work deals with the permanent control of the country in terms of security, all the police forces, the Revolutionary Guards, the Basij and...! It is a subset of the army of the Federalist People's Government. that each state provides services according to the people's choice and the amount of money each state takes from the people. In addition to the money taken from people. The income from oil and gas is spent on security production infrastructure: such as blockchain servers to database the information of the officials to maintain and check their assets from the time they start serving the people until the time they leave the system of the federal people's government. These databases can be given to every Iranian citizen on small servers to check the amount of assets of the citizen's state official and the officials of other states. The electricity and maintenance costs of these systems are permanently paid by the oil and gas money. Because these servers are managed by small systems, they will have a lower cost than maintaining centralized information by a specific institution and organization. Also, there is no need for that institution and organization anymore. Instead, people's institutions and organizations maintain these databases. And because this information is based on blockchain, we will no longer worry about deleting information. Please note that the cost of starting the construction of this system is less than the maintenance of huge systems with 3-phase industrial electricity which is centralized. And they protect people's money and assets of people and officials in it. These centralized government systems have caused Iran to become an old and lazy system that we witnessed in 1401. There is no trace of the assets of officials in the centralized system of the Islamic Republic. It is not clear exactly how much property each official has? Now, after one year of working in the Islamic Republic of Iran, how much property does he have? How much is his property? Where did you get it from?! People don't bother to check in this system!!! Therefore, the door and the board are matched. But in a federalist people's government, because each state is supposed to govern itself and earn its own employees' money, it will bring people who are worthy of that position because there will be no money from oil and gas. All that money is spent on buying and distributing computer systems to people. Every Iranian learns to work with computers if he wants to create a construction in his country. If he gets bored and doesn't get training, the centralized database and information systems will do it, which is the result we saw in the Islamic Republic. If the name of the government is supposed to be "federalist people's government", the people themselves will first accept this logic that they should be educated, they will also learn to work with computers, and they will also investigate and analyze so that oil and gas money will not be stolen by the government.

2. There is no general law for the entire extent of Iran. Each tribe and language approves laws only for their own tribe with the majority vote of the same tribe. The only general rule is to prevent murder and child abuse. As long as they are united with the "Federalist People's Government", that nation will benefit from the security support of its borders from the whole of Iran. And they participate in selling Iran's oil, gas and other resources. On the other hand, if there is a problem for Iran, they should definitely help the people of Iran. This is in the spirit of every Iranian. If a law is passed in Sistan, the people of Khorasan are not going to follow it!! And if a law is approved in Tehran, the people of Kurdistan are not going to follow it!!! If a person is not comfortable in Tehran, he goes to a province that is compatible with those laws. I repeat, the only general rule in this system is to prevent murder and freedom of children. The rest of the rules are flexible. It depends on the majority of people in a state.

3. In general, this system has an army. Its name is the army. Neither the army nor anything else. There is no need to have any special beliefs in this system. The only belief is patriotism. All people in the army take orders from the commander of the navy, commander of the air force, commander of the ground force. All commanders of the three naval, air, and land forces take orders from the head of the executive branch and the total votes of the legislative branch and the total votes of the judicial branch. These three commanders do not need to take orders to defend Iran's soil and water. You are not supposed to get permission to protect your face when there is a possibility that you will be punched in the face!!! You 3 commanders should be careful and alert. You don't need permission to defend. But in order to attack and start a war, the head of the executive branch and the majority of the top 10 judges in the judiciary and the majority of people's representatives in the legislative branch must give you permission to start a war. 3 commanders of the naval, air, and ground forces are selected from soldiers who have trained in the army. Commanders are elected by the majority of the votes of the three branches, that is, the sum of the votes of the top 10 judges in the judiciary + the head of the executive branch (the head of the federalist people's government) + 70% of the people's representatives in the legislative branch. The head of the executive branch can only be one person. It can be a woman. The head of the judiciary must be at least 10 judges, the number of people's representatives in the legislature is the same number as in the Islamic Republic on this date of 1401. But during the population increase, their number will increase. And in the legislature, each representative legislates only for his own state, but all states must vote yes or no, we do not have a neutral vote. You must define your position.
For example, the mandatory hijab law is going to be determined, this law is supposed to be announced by the representatives of Tehran, this law is only determined for Tehran state. But all parliamentarians must vote. And if 70% of all the representatives of Rush said yes, you will implement this law only in Tehran. For repeated legislations that are supposed to limit people, after the legislation and implementation, one should wait at least one year for that law to be tested. Then, after 1 year of people's restriction test, if the representatives of the whole country want, they can put this restriction law (any restriction law) for only one other state, and again one year of waiting is required for the next state. Therefore, the logic of any law cannot be applied to all Iranians, because all Iranians are not of the same race and ethnicity, who all vote for or against the same law. It is not supposed to limit the Iranian people, the body of the government itself will become big and old and stupid!!! We are going to settle Iran with the laws that are inclined towards freedom. If you are not a patriot before any belief, you will definitely not do anything for the people of Iran. First of all, you should be a patriot, then if you have enough art, be a Muslim, Jew, Christian, Zoroastrian, etc. First of all, you must be patriotic.
If the people's representatives are absent more than once during their working period, they will be fired as soon as possible, and in the desired state, a small vote will be held at the state level to appoint another representative. A lazy and cowardly representative is not good for the people of Iran.
The top 10 judges of the judiciary are chosen by all the judges working in Iran. Because all Iranians have no knowledge of judicial matters. I don't have either! :). If there was no judge in the country! These top 10 judges are elected by lawyers and people who knew the laws of the Islamic Republic and the people's representatives in the "Federal People's Government" parliament. There is no need for the direct leadership of the people to elect judges. After the first selection of the top 10 judges, for the next times, the judges themselves must choose a replacement for themselves or other judges. For example, the number one judge can no longer judge due to his old age, all the other 9 top judges vote and choose a judge from the judges of the country and put him in place of the previous top judge. The minimum age for judging is 35 years. The maximum age for judging depends on the judge himself. Before judging others, the judge must judge himself whether he has the competence. Is old age old? Can he analyze and investigate? Can it search? The top 10 judges do not need an accurate memory! Rather, young lawyers should seek advice from the elites of the university of history. The main topic of this consultation between judges and academics is mutual reconciliation. The opinion of each is not supposed to be imposed on the other. A judge with at least 35 years of age is supposed to communicate with lawyers and elites and have the most appropriate judgments.
The election of the head of the executive branch is done by the direct vote of the people. This person can be any Iranian. It can be a woman or a man. The minimum age for the head of the executive branch is 30 years. The maximum age for the head of the executive branch can be 50 years. Old men and old women can give good advice, but they cannot preside and work. The president is generally from the Capitalist Party of Iran. or from the party of the average people of society, this is something that happens in all countries and is inevitable. Therefore, they generally have two parties, either the party of the rich or the party of the middle class. (The weak people of the society generally do not pay attention to the policies of the government and the government and this group can be covered under the cover of non-governmental centers. Certainly, every government has deficiencies and shortcomings, and poverty is also the result of suppressing people in power.
It is the result of laziness of the person himself or his family or his ancestors. This system is supposed to belong to the people. If all people participate in this system, they can eradicate poverty in Iran. But if we leave aside the laziness of people, poverty will be eradicated.)
People's representatives can be from the party of the rich or from the party of the average people. These people are elected by direct vote of the people. This process is done every 2 years for each state. Every representative can continuously represent the people. But be careful that this is his only job. and family members, the entire capital of this person must be registered and recorded at the beginning and during the working time. If he doesn't like transparency in assets, he can't represent the people. People themselves should be alert and not choose this person.
The Iranian army cannot enter into politics, the Iranian army and its soldiers cannot enter into politics. The solution to prevent this is to use Hani commanders who are not lazy, pragmatic commanders are not interested in bodybuilding. When the power is in the hands of the military, the Iranian system may become like the Islamic Republic. Pay attention, the best army in the world are the women of the society, who teach gently. Female tenderness is used in education based on Dr. William Glaser's selection theory. Therefore, philosophy, instead of arrows and rifles and male soldiers, we should use pens, paper and women. This philosophy will lead Iran towards construction again and a system will be designed in the end whose only mission is "to remind men and women of history." The "federalist people's government" system is not based on militarism and power seeking. Rather, it is based on the freedom and preservation of the survival of the individual and the society. pay attention. The army and the security system should not interfere in the "federalist people's government" system, this non-interference should be fully observed by the people. This means that every soldier and commander must have his mental and emotional state completely recorded. These registrations are done by the relevant scientists. These scientists should give a detailed report of Han's soldier and commander to the politicians, MPs, president, top 10 judges continuously. The team of scientists should investigate the degree of power seeking of Han soldiers and commanders and convey to the soldiers and commanders that this way of thinking may lead the soldier's or commander's pragmatism towards military and extreme communist and extreme socialist or extreme Islam and Kharijite. push

4. This system is designed for a lowly government that only serves the people. There should be no connection between the government and commercial systems. This means that the sale of Iran's oil, gas, and other resources is done by non-governmental people who have no connection with the government. And definitely, definitely, definitely, they must be competent. This qualification is determined by universities and the People's Assembly of Iran. With an online and completely transparent tool. That is, a person who has the authority to sell oil and gas, before entering to do the work, registers all his and his relatives' assets in a system that all Iranian people can read what kind of capital this person has. Being a capitalist is one of the scientific factors for selling oil and gas. Otherwise, any donkey can sell oil and gas and spend the money again in western countries!!!! All this money should flow in production, this system does not need infrastructure. Every person should register all their statistics here, that is, on GitHub. Unless it is related to the safety of people's life and property, which does not need to be registered here. Otherwise, 95% of the cases are about selling oil and injecting its money into production units. That 5 percent of people's security is related to one army, not 5 armies in Iran!!!! All security units of Iran are the same. Do not put religious labels on yourself!! Before being godly, we must be patriotic. Otherwise, we will become like the irresponsibility of the Shah's monarchy, or we will become like the corrupt system of the Islamic Republic. pay attention. Before we want to be the agent of people's religious beliefs, we must be responsible. If you are lazy, don't choose this system. Keep being who you are. This system, with the separation of religion from the "federalist people's government", prevents religious corruption. Any person, if he has the qualifications, can become the head. Competency means not to be complicated. and "People's Assembly of Iran" have chosen that person.


5.In order to prevent communism and minorityism, any praise and flattery from the superior will result in the dismissal of the praiser. In this system, we don't need people who seek attention!!! People who beg for attention and seek to hear the praise of others, can be employees and workers, and every month in a planned way from these patients! Praised and thanked so that their shortcomings, maybe improved! Therefore, according to the law, both the boss and the employee under him, if they repeat this stupid thing after hearing or praising him once, then the boss and the employee are lazy because the person who is working does not need to praise or hear praise. He is doing his job. There are not supposed to be people in the government body who have the headship complex!!! People who have knowledge and pragmatism. is enough Be careful not to fall into the trap of communists and traditional party games of the Islamic Republic of Iran.


6.The name of the state, province, region is not important in the federalist people's government. What is important for the general people of Iran is the language, ethnicity, and race of each section. Therefore, the laws of each state, province or region depend on the majority vote of that people. Generally, these tribes have their own language, but as long as they are patriotic and united with Iran, they will be under the protection of Iran's national security.


7. The authority of the entire body of the three powers: legislative, executive, and judicial. From the boss to the gatekeeper, it depends on the efficiency of the person, not the level of experience or family connection with others. In order to prevent minorityism and communism, this law must be observed. Otherwise, like the previous system, which was the monarchy, it becomes dependent on individuality and idolatry! Or it will be like this system, which is apparently the Islamic Republic, but is officially minority-oriented and domineering. If we want to build a prosperous Iran, we must be patriotic before being religious. We saw how people who pretend to worship God ruled in the Islamic Republic of Iran. Therefore, the only way to save Iran is to separate religion and personal belief from government policies. Certainly, the separation of religion from politics has flaws, but the flaws of the secularism system are less than the anti-Islamism of the society!!!

8.The concept of freedom is as long as it is not related to intentional murder and child abuse. The rest is just the addition of us humans. Freedom is not for a person who speaks well! Because all humans are generally good. Freedom is for a person who wants to expose or threaten or say any nonsense!! It is important that his statement does not lead to his act of killing a person or wanting to have sexual relations with a person under the age of 16. I repeat. The rest for our world are big people and all our ridiculous claims. The concept of freedom should be so great that all people in Iran feel it with all their being. If you are afraid that your wife will become a prostitute, it is better to work on your body instead of forcing your wife to wear hijab so that your wife does not follow another man. If you are afraid that your mother will become a prostitute, it is better to work and provide enough money for her. So that your mother does not become a prostitute for money and hunger. If your sexual spirit is so intense, exercise, but don't bring your sexual and personal beliefs into the "people's federal government" law. We all know that in Kurdistan they swear by their mother's hair. Therefore, a man does not feel sexual with his hair. Therefore, in all of Kurdistan and the Kurdish-speaking people, if there was a majority vote, there is no need for the hijab to be mandatory. If I am such a bigot and I have this feeling in Tehran, before I am allowed to make a law, I must get the majority of Tehran to make hijab mandatory in Tehran!!!!!! Please don't be stupid!! The concept of freedom is for a person who wants to do anything other than child abuse and other than killing humans and animals. Other details of the concept of freedom depend on the states of Iran, and the "federalist people's government" i.e. Iran supports the details of the law of that state. Now, no matter how stupid it is, the majority vote is that nation and language. If I, a Persian speaker, am so stupid that I want to make hijab compulsory, the only way is to win the majority vote of Tehran province.


9. Definitely, the system of separating religion from politics has many mistakes. But at least it doesn't make people anti-religion anymore. Dear clergy, if you want to lead people to a better life. The only way for you is "invitation". You clerics, religious missionaries, Jews, Christians, all religions, my audience is all of you in Iran. If you want to bring people to heaven after death. The only way for you is "invitation". There is no government funding for you. No help from the "Federal People's Government" for you. So before you lead people, first have a business for yourself, then if you have the energy and ability to lead people. But there is no support from the "Federal People's Government" for you. The only support is to support the security of life and property and prevent the execution syndrome. This syndrome in us Iranians started from the time of Hassan Sabah and reached its peak in the Safavid government, and it also multiplied and repeated in the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran. But it remains in history that it was much more during the time of Hassan Sabah and the Safavid government. All you clerics of the Islamic Republic are safe in life and financially because of the "Federalist People's Government" state law. But no budget will be available to you without hard work. If you want to lead people, "invitation" is the only one for you. If other than this, it means that you make a voluntary and conscious "invitation". You go to jail under the "People's Federalist Government" Act. There is no execution. But you move away from society. And in prison you have to work for your own expenses. In prison, no extra interest will be deducted from you, but you will no longer be free. Because you wanted to bring people to the fake paradise of your mind by force and insistence. We are no longer allowed to give orders. None of us are allowed to give orders. We just have to work to settle Iran.


10. The issue of women: women are allowed to be presidents at all levels of the government. The laws of the Islamic Republic regarding women have nothing to do with the Islamic laws of Imam Ali, the son of Abi Talib. Any woman can become a judge. Any woman can become president. Every woman can be anything she wants. This is the basic principle and it is not allowed to prevent in any state. If a state wants to prevent only one woman by imposing stupid laws, it will be separated from the states of Iran and will be responsible for the security of its entire state. Every woman is allowed to be whatever she wants. Anything means government posts. Non-governmental posts are not particularly important for me to write in the law. The only reason is that there should not be any compulsion on women. If there is compulsion on the woman and it is proven that the woman was forced to do something, the person who forced the woman will be sentenced to life imprisonment. Unless the representatives of the people in that state take responsibility for the person who does not repeat his work. If he does it again, he will be expelled from that state and sentenced to life imprisonment again. And this process continues until he is exiled. And he will not have a place to live in all the states of Iran. Pay attention, after the first crime, the rest of the states can consider that person exiled. This law is extremely strict for every human being. Both anti-woman women and anti-woman men. It doesn't matter what gender we are. If it is proven that we are anti-women, we will be sentenced to life imprisonment. A society will make fundamental progress that demands competence from people's brains and not from their legs!!! Please don't be stupid.!!!!
Any man who abuses a woman in any way will be sentenced to life imprisonment. The meaning of every human includes women. So limit the circle of your crimes to men!!!! I repeat, any person who abuses a woman in any way, either before marriage, during the registration of marriage according to his religion and ritual, or after marriage, will be sentenced to life imprisonment. This criminal in prison has to pay his own expenses, he has to work completely compulsorily. No salary, only to pay his expenses in prison. Be careful, I said that any person can marry another person before marriage, during marriage, and after marriage, that is, if both people are over 18 years old. It is not possible to get married between the ages of 16 and 18 because the person has not yet reached mental maturity. There are people who have not reached the mental maturity to get married after the age of 40!!! But marriage is not allowed at least 2 years after sexual maturity, i.e. 2 years after the age of 16. Please note that this rule is flexible. But scientifically, sexual maturity is completed at the age of 16. And the mental maturity for marriage is reached at the age of 18. But each state can establish its own law for its own state from the age of 16 onwards. The only main rule is that a person under the age of 16 is not allowed to have sex with a person over the age of 16. If this relationship is formed, generally a person who is under 16 years old will suffer mental and sexual problems. Therefore, the sexual and mental communication of people under the age of 16 is done only with people under the age of 16. People over the age of 16 should only have sex with people over the age of 16. This is better for the mental health of society.
Gay marriages are free, the subject is only limited to the age of 16. If they were under 16 years old, they can only be friends. If they were over 18 years old, they could get married. If they want to adopt a child, the decision will be made based on state law. In some states, same-sex couples may not be given children for adoption. But in some states, I think that Tehran should give this permission to people. Homosexual couples wanted to give birth to a child with today's science and technology, this possibility is available to them without any obstacles. Because those spouses are responsible for the birth of that child, so if they raise the child properly and do not harm the mind and soul of that child, there is no problem. But if the spouses want to adopt a child from the orphanage, it should be decided based on the law of their own state. Finally, the only way for this type of spouses to be free to adopt a child is to immigrate to a state where the adoption of spouses Homosexuals are free. Let gay people be free.

If the issue of women has more complications. It will be completed in the future. Either by me or by freedom-loving people. The most important philosophy is that women are stronger than men in all respects. Apart from the physical issue, this issue is also related to the creation, not the woman herself. So don't impose a problem on a woman because you have bigger muscles! If being human is the criterion for you! If not, you are definitely not human! You are something very similar to a human and the humanity in you is dead.


11. The issue of printing and publishing: everything can be printed. If it can be sold, it will find its place in the market. If it is related to sexual topics, it should be labeled 16+ years. Not to be sold to people under the age of 16. If it was related to violent issues, murder, crime, it should be labeled +20 years. This part is related to the people themselves, they can buy these products if they want. There is no law to prevent the sale of violent products to people. Because preventing violence causes more violence. Humans themselves must reach the necessary awareness by educating the educational system. Therefore, in this section, all topics can be published. Only necessary warnings should be placed on the product before publication. Or it should be said at the beginning of the movie so that the person has the right to choose to see or use that product and movie. Not that Yehavi faces violent scenes or sexual scenes!!! A person's privacy is only in his own home. If a video and photo is published without the person's permission, it is a personal privacy. The person should be fined. If he repeats the act more than once, according to state law, he will be sentenced to prison with a length of time based on court decisions. If he repeats it again, he will be expelled from that state. If he repeats it again, he will be deported. And he has a chance to leave Iran within 1 year. All documents are registered in the online system of "Federalist People's Government".


12. Educational system: It is based on "choice theory" by William Glaser. Detailed descriptions of this educational system have been published in the selection theory books. There is no need to explain it in detail. There is only one educational system. And it is completely in the hands of the private sector. There is no need to use photos of political figures at the beginning of the books!!! Let's not be idolaters!! There is no need to use God's name at the beginning of the books. God is inside every human being. The beginning of the book is determined by the authors of that book. Not the producers of that book. Therefore, publishing houses are not allowed to impose their wishes on the author of the book. A textbook can be written by several authors. Please get along with each other.


13. "Federalist People's Government" online system: it is based on blockchain. And every Iranian with Iranian IP can have a node. This system is like people. It is no longer centralized for humans to hack it with centralism. All documents and social conditions are registered in this system. If the issues of Iran's security were dealt with by the Iranian army, there is no need to publish them in this system. To prevent terrorism, no nuclear weapons should be built. If Iran has enough technology in this field, it should wait for the entire project with a time interval of 48 hours by making nuclear weapons. Because nuclear weapons are a dangerous responsibility for Iran and the world. And all patriotic Iranians seek peace and tranquility and serve humanity.


14. The subject of respect or getting along: We are not supposed to respect each other! We are going to check how much we can get along with each other. The point is that we are not going to impose rules on each other. The issue is how much better we can make the rules. The point is not to say good words and encourage ourselves!! The issue is how far we can tolerate the disrespect of others. The issue of freedom is not for positive people. Positive people in the society are about 90%. The issue is for the sick minority who seek power!! and wants to disrespect or impose. How much can we tolerate this group of people? The issue of freedom for this group of people.


15. The topic of business, sales: selling everything is free. Even firearms. Unless the majority of people in that state do not allow sales to that state. Weapons can be carried and licensed only in the state where it is legally allowed. For example, in Kurdistan and Sistan, I think the public wants to sell legal weapons. The army of the "People's Federalist Government" should stand with the people for the security of the state. Firearms stores should be opened. Everything should be done completely legally and registered. If the weapon is unlicensed, the seller and the buyer will be fined. If they repeat their work, they will be exiled from that state. If they repeat their work, they will be exiled from Iran. What is reasonable in my opinion is that all the provinces or the border states of Iran should sell the weapon legally and registered, carry it completely legally and be registered in the "Federalist People's Government" online system. Let everyone know which people with full names have firearms. This kind of clarification is better for all Iranians. Until a broken, dangerous and illegal weapon is sold. I predict that in general, the central cities of Iran will oppose the sale and transportation of firearms, and maybe they will agree. Let's see what happens in history. So this description of selling anything in the "Federalist People's Government" is free. Only the warning label for firearms and sexual products for people over 16 years of age should be placed on the product. So that buyers do not have an excuse for their purchase. Sellers should also sell everything they sell in full health. Alcohol, firearms, sexual products, all these products are harmful to society. But if the majority of people agree in a state, the possibility of selling and buying it should be done legally. The discussion of the freedom to sell and buy these products has nothing to do with religion, it has nothing to do with foreign policies, and it also has nothing to do with the fact that it increases violence. By the way, more obstruction causes violence. We have seen that the more obstacles there were in revolutions, the more aggressive and violent people were. Therefore, people should be free and have the right to decide within their state.
Free market: In the "Federalist People's Government", the market is free. Except for the sale of drugs and alcohol, which is subject to the vote of all the people in a state. That is, if more than 85% of the people of a state buy and sell drugs, alcoholic beverages, sexual items and guns, etc. This is what federalist people's government means. When 85% in a state vote in favor of selling any of these items, that means they are OK. Those 15% must migrate permanently to other states. The market is free to buy and sell cryptocurrency. The government is not going to make unnecessary rebellions. Also, if the capitalists want to progress, they must sign win-win contracts with employees and workers. Otherwise, the free market system will turn into feudalism. Also, free market contracts do not allow to accept individual freedom. If a contract causes the employee's and worker's freedom to be taken away, the employer, the investor, and the capitalist will all be fined and become victims of this contract, that is, the worker and the employee. You are not supposed to create an economic recipe because you have more money!!! People will be destroyed on our heads and nothing will be left of you and your family, we are not greedy. Contracts should be closed, transparent and win-win. And if it is not so and it is not fair between the free market and the employee and the worker, all the free market business of the company or store or that system will be fined. Also, during the week for people who are being trained, i.e. students, the amount they are allowed to work is 20 hours. If they do more than this time, both the worker and the employer will be fined according to the amount of extra interest they have taken from their bodies and lives.

16. Voting topic: All these votes are registered and recorded in the nodes of the blockchain network. In this way, each person will be completely sure that his vote has been counted. Any interference in the voting by hacking, coercion, threats will result in a fine. If this behavior is repeated, this person will be sentenced to prison. If there are many of them, all people will be fined and jailed based on the amount of hacking, coercion, threats. The rules of this section are governed by the state law in which the person committed the crime.


17. Prohibited therapeutic execution syndrome: There is no execution. No execution or amputation is allowed for any crime. The criminal is either sentenced to prison or deported to other countries. It depends on the level of destruction of other people and the destruction of society. But there is no execution. The main culprit of the criminals is the laws themselves. And that the rules themselves have not been properly implemented. And that the rules themselves have not been properly taught. Therefore, there is no execution. If a person kills another person, he will only be sentenced to life imprisonment. If a person has sex with a person under the age of 16, he will go to jail. But there is no execution. This disease "execution therapy syndrome" has not been and will not be an effective solution.


18. The conditions of the entire government body, from the head of the three forces to the lowest level, are as follows: they are finally allowed to assume one position, when a politician is working in the government, he is not allowed to work elsewhere. The legislator, the head of the executive branch, all the ministers, all the people in the judicial branch, all the people in the legislative branch are only allowed to have one post in the "federal people's government" system and they should not have any commercial business. All people must enter their assets in the system before participating in the "federalist people's government". If all their assets are registered in the system, then they are allowed to enter the government system. This capital registration includes the capital of father, mother, sisters, brothers, spouse and all relatives, friends and close acquaintances. I repeat, all the funds that a person knows must be registered in this system, so that at the end of his presence in the "Federalist People's Government" system, how much has been added to his capital? Where was the salary he received spent? Has he received a bribe? Has it been healthy? If he was healthy he would be rewarded according to the rules of the day in the state. If he had cheated, if he had a distraction, if he had a small corruption, according to the law of the day of the state, he would be fined, imprisoned or exiled. There is no execution. Please follow the rules correctly so that we don't feel regret and despair anymore!
Everyone is allowed to work 40 hours a week. A person who works more than 40 hours a week should pay a heavy tax to stop living this lifestyle. A person who is working in one place is not allowed to work in another place unless the total working time is 40 hours. If a person's work rate is not recorded in the government system of "People's Federalist Government" and he wants to earn money secretly, he is actually using Iran's resources too much for himself. We saw that one person had more than 20 presidential positions in the Islamic Republic! And it didn't work well in either. Therefore, in this system, these wastes should be prevented with an online system based on blockchain and private nodes. Definitely, this blockchain system can be divided into shares so that capitalists can open accounts on this system and serve the people of Iran with modern technology and sell their shares and make a profit at the same time. If a person works more than 40 hours a week, his level of concentration is low and his work will be of low quality. In the end, he either prefers to be idle for a long time, or after 5 years he prefers to change jobs, if he only needed weekly energy, which he used more than himself.

19. The subject of the crime: political crimes committed by the government are unforgivable. That is, if any of the government has committed financial corruption, they must return all the money they have earned without work. For example, if they have stolen 100 Tomans and now that their corruption has been identified, they must return that 100 Tomans if they have them. They must also go to jail under the laws of the state in which they have the national code. Most importantly, they cannot work in the jobs of the federalist people's government. They should go to independent businesses and earn money. Non-political crimes depend on the states, each state votes for itself. There are only two crimes that are unforgivable over time. The crime of murder and the crime of liberating a child (sex, beating, forcing a child to work). If these two crimes happen even after 50 years, if found out, the killer should be fined and go to jail. There is no possibility of deportation for the crime of murder, because wherever he goes, he is dangerous for that society. But the crime of child abuse can be forgiven according to the supervision of a psychologist, counselor and assistant and the mental health system. So that the person who edited a child returns to society or not? This part becomes very specialized and the doctor must make a diagnosis. For the rest of the crimes, a financial fine should be given to the injured person according to the amount of damage caused to the person. If the criminal is unable to pay the damages, the government can work in prison and pay the fine and return to the society after paying all the damages. If this person commits another crime again, there is definitely a need for continuous training. Psychology is in prison. If a person is unable to pay the damages and the amount of the damages is much larger than his payment, he should be imprisoned for life so as not to create a danger to the society. And the mental health system returns to society. Hoping that you will not be dangerous and harmful to the society again. For the third time, all criminals are sentenced to life imprisonment. Maybe the first and second time is lucky, but a person who causes damage for the third time under the strict supervision of doctors, counselors, mental health system and the country's army, is definitely very unlucky!!! Or it is definitely harmful with its own discretion. It is better for this person to remain in prison!! unless the laws of the state and the vote of the people are positive for this person to be free. In this case, because the people have voted for his release, if he causes any damage to the society, the society itself will cover this damage. Let the people have a chance to forgive the prisoners. Over time, people's views on the world will change. Let's allow people to change their opinions in a flexible legal framework. Definitely a person who always has a positive belief is good. But a person who does not have a positive belief at first should have an opportunity to express his changed belief. During the time when a person expresses a negative belief, people judge this person if they are aware. There is no need to reduce negative beliefs by restricting people by the government. If people are aware, they will not go towards negative beliefs and negative actions. Throughout history, we have seen that if they want a society, they can all make mistakes together because of a negative and destructive belief, we have also seen in history that people can all do the right thing together because of a positive and constructive belief. Therefore, the logic is to decide the policies in the federalist people's government with the majority of the people.

20. Talent search and empathy issue: If you want Iran to be a country of service to its own people, you should look for children's talent from the age of 4. The talent search system should be privatized and every person can invest in that person by writing a simple contract to the parents of a child to become an artist, a politician, an engineer, a doctor, and when their child reaches the legal age of 16 years, they will have problems. And if he doesn't have a job and because his talent was discovered at a young age, he will generally be happy. Definitely, this system should not prevent the freedom of parents and children. Anywhere from the age of 4 to the age of 16, the child can drop the training related to his talent. Therefore, this system should be private so that the government does not get involved in it. When it becomes private, the investor will go towards discovering talent with knowledge, awareness and freedom. Certainly, wherever he wants to take away the freedom of the individual, the federalist people's government will not allow the investor to be a dictator. Also, this power-seeking performance gives way to a two-way friendship between the investor and the person who is prone to get along. There is definitely a difference of opinion in any relationship. But the important thing is to get along, not to become the same. The talent search system should not become a government system because it causes corruption and rent-seeking like the government of the Islamic Republic. That is, money is injected into the system, but it has no return for the average people of the society, it only makes the capitalists of the society richer. The issue of getting along between the capitalist and the person who is prone to other expressions is empathy without hypocrisy. This relationship will enrich Iran. Also, every system has its flaws, but this system of the capitalist and talented person has the least amount of flaws. The biggest damage is generally seen by the investor because the talented person is free to abandon his talent and all the funds that were spent on him will go to waste. But definitely, after bitter experiences, the investor chooses talented people with more accurate and informed knowledge. Also, most of the talents of art, music, astronomy, mathematics, physics, and computer are discovered more easily at this age than when a person grows up and becomes conditioned by the complexities of society. He definitely does not have his own until the age of 16.

21. We should consider Islam separately from Muslims. Also, let's consider the 14 innocents separately from all humans. No human being can take the place of Hazrat Masih, Hazrat Rasool, 12 Imams of Shiites. Therefore, the only way for society to succeed is to accept logic. It is logical that no human being is in power. No minority should be in power. No majority should suffer from complications and deficiencies. This logic is by registering and confiscating the assets of every politician before entering the "federalist people's government". To check all his assets during his service and also at the end of his service. This method allows any person, be it a judge, or the country's inspection organization, and any person without financial knowledge, to be able to observe the state of this politician's property. How much does he earn? It doesn't matter where he spends. How it is achieved is very important. The only way for the success of Iran is to design a system that can maintain itself and not depend on the orders of one person, instead of copying perfect people such as: Cyrus the Great, Hazrat Masih, Hazrat Rasool, Imam Ali. Every person has his own emotional contradictions, so natural and personality contradictions are necessary for the government to transform from a pyramidal shape to a circular one. The three branches of justice, the executive branch, and the legislative branch, none of them can take full power. Also, they cannot cause disruption by impeachment.

22. Also, if we factor the personal issues of Islam with the social issues of Islam, we will reach many corruptions, which are evident in the Islamic Republic. What does it really matter to a worker how much alcohol the president drinks? Or suppose it matters to a mine worker how much the head of the legislature goes after prostitutes? And how many prostitutes does it have to do with? Instead of using personal corruption as a criterion for the government of society, social corruption should be used as a criterion. For example, how much management knowledge does the president have? Has he been a constructive chairman in his previous position? how much does it work How much does he like his job? Instead of placing the personal duties of Islam as a criterion in the government system, it is necessary to store the social duties in a database database system and this system should be available to all Iranians to know the entire government. All the assets of politicians should be clearly defined. If a politician has a problem with this identification of his assets, he is definitely either a coward, or he wants to add to his assets illegally. As I said, these assets include the assets of spouses, fathers, mothers, brothers, children, and close friends, so that we do not suffer financial corruption like the Islamic Republic. This system should be available to all Iranian people.

23. Relations outside Iran: relations with the whole world are carried out by all Iranians. The purpose of Iran's relationship with the world is a business relationship. Not something like beliefs! You are not supposed to turn your back on your enemy so that he does not benefit!!! Your enemy will supply that product or service from somewhere else! Therefore, by cutting religious relations, the people of Iran will not progress. Be careful not to bring any personal beliefs into the relations of affairs outside of Iran. Don't make Iran a dog to scare other countries! Do not make Iran a stone over other countries. The only philosophy is business philosophy. Get as much value as you give the service or product. This receiving of value is possible in value and money, medicine and science, technology and production infrastructure. The topic of production infrastructure is obtained from the side of developed countries: America, Germany, England, France, China, Russia, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden. If you build communication, you will definitely send services and products and receive value. In the course of communication with the mentioned countries, people become ambassadors of Iran who are not sentimental, do not have the radical thinking of the Khawarij of Imam Ali's time, and have the spirit to build a relationship for eternity. Whether now that Iran has become weak or when Iran has become strong. Therefore, Iran's ambassador should be something of a communicator, not of making religious objections to the nakedness of others!! And drinking others!!!! Seghir Iran is the driving spirit of the country of Iran. In addition to being naive, the Iranian ambassador is not negative! The ambassador of Iran does not need to be a perfect person, it is enough to be a patriot. This patriotism makes him think about the country of Iran as well as thinking about lasting and stable relations with the mentioned countries. Pay attention that Iran must be separated from the combination of personal and religious beliefs with patriotic politics and remain separate.

24. From the road of knowledge, you can reach the city of freedom and otherwise: pay attention, the only way for Iran and humanity to progress is to be aware before getting harmed. As soon as we are aware of the damage, there will be at least the possibility of recording, documenting, analyzing and checking after the damage. Science means "known". Therefore, with this philosophy of being known and clear, all the issues of statecraft can be determined and standardized and used. This tool of "science or knowledge" is supposed to be only for the belief of "patriotism" and then "serving" other countries. Pay attention that the road of knowledge finally reaches the city of freedom. Knowledge of history and past governments.

25. The issue of customs and taxes: 45% of their income will be taxed from people whose assets are in the 10% of the big capitalists compared to the whole society. We do not need feudalism in Iran. If you have a problem with this, migrate. You, whose capital is among the top 10% of the society in Iran, should not be proud of yourself that you are very capitalist!!! You should regret why you don't have any construction and you have no use for the people of Iran! You are no different from the trees in the middle of the road!!! So don't think that because you are among the top 10 percent financially, you are also God!! It is that the circumstances have been faithful to you and you have become one of the richest people in the society and its best. Don't be too proud of your money, my friend! Think about the construction that you provide with your money, also make your employees partners in your capital to pay less taxes. If you have a problem with 45% tax, give your capital to others so that your capital will decrease. The issue of taxes and customs for the top 10% of society can increase up to 60% of a person's income. It depends on the state laws of the day. If the states want, they can take up to 60% of the income of the people who are among the top 10% of the society in terms of capitalism, with the votes of the people of that state. So that this rich society doesn't get any more ridiculous thoughts to think that they are God and start a military regime on the people of Iran!!!
Customs issue: No customs will be charged for producers until their investments in Iran are among the top 20% of the society. When the producer by buying raw materials and entering Iran caused construction, then made him rich, he was certainly not alone and helped others, so until his funds and assets are among the top 20% of Iranian society, no customs It cannot be taken from him. Regarding the assets of a person who is among the top 20% of the society, the amount of 35-40% tax is taken from him. No tax exemption. If these people, who are among the top 20% of the society, have a problem with this amount of taxes, please leave Iran, Iran is not a place for feudalism. Iran is for the patriots who are building the world of the Iranian people and serving the Iranian people. You are not going to play with your capital and cause problems for people.
Customs issue for traders, buying and selling goods, medicine, etc.: Anyone who imports anything that is legal into Iran. That is, other than drugs and alcohol, etc., this person pays customs duties to the "Federal People's Government" based on the state he is importing goods from. This customs duty is on all imports other than imports for production. That is, it is a final product for people's consumption: for example: pills and medicines that are not currently produced in Iran. Like the cars that people use on the street. Please note that consumables such as consumable plastics in factories, which are not produced in Iran, but are among consumables, are not only directly at the service of the people. It serves the people indirectly. These items do not include customs. They should come freely to Iran until its production is done in Iran. As soon as the production of these consumables in Iran reached the same quality as imported, according to this law, taxes should be taken based on that state.
The issue of customs for tourism: only the state where the tourist spent money should pay customs and taxes to that state. He is not supposed to give customs to this state because he came from Khuzestan, for example! This tourist may have spent money in Tabriz. He entered the country from Khuzestan only because all the borders are free. These issues are fully registered in the online system of "Federalist People's Government". Any person who is Iranian can have a node and have all the information in his possession so that he can detect any corruption in the system. Certainly, when all customs information is available to people, two things will happen: 1- Expert and professional inspectors will show themselves and serve the people of Iran. They can read it, they just need to know how to work with computers. All this information with its additional branches and leaves requires less than 10 terabytes of memory. So it is not very specific and complicated information.
"Federalist People's Government" should give these 10 terabytes of information to any Iranian who wants it. And this system should be online and changes should be applied every second. Like Bitcoin farms, only because these systems are small and because the amount of changes in this system does not require high processing for Bitcoin discoveries, its electricity consumption is not as much as that Bitcoin mining system. So the cost is something similar to the centralized and corrupting databases of previous governments in Iran and the world.
All taxes and customs should be spent on factories and tourist areas in all of Iran. You are not going to take Iran towards a military regime by building cannons and tanks and making Iran's space more secure. Those who give such advice to the "people's government of Iran" will definitely be fined. If these consultations, which are of the type of fear and terror, are carried out by this group of people who want to create a war supply and demand crisis in Iran by manufacturing weapons, and Iran is forced to buy and sell weapons, they will be severely prosecuted, and this is a lie and hypocrisy. These cowardly people will be sentenced to prison and life imprisonment. If you are a coward and think that the whole world wants to destroy Iran, it is better not to have a place in the "Federalist People's Government" so that you will be sentenced to life imprisonment, not to pay the same money and capital that you had and be left with nothing!! Be engaged in business, production and sales until the time of your death comes, you stupid cowards!! Iran does not need to build too many weapons and atomic bombs!! Iran serves the people of Iran. If he could invite tourists to Iran. If he could not satisfy the people of Iran, it would be good for him. Nuclear technology is only used to produce electricity for Iran. And everything transparent should be done in international communities. Also, we are not going to have a secret army to make a secret atomic bomb!!! Please get out of your stupid and fearful thoughts!!! All the nuclear weapons made have exceeded the destruction of the entire planet!!! Iran should not be involved in this amount of killing, even if Iran itself becomes a victim of these weapons. If Iran is not outside the earth!!! So, if Iran becomes a victim of a nuclear weapon, its radiation will go to the surrounding countries. So think logically about our little planet.
The issue of slavery: this is not allowed in any way. If it is proven that this work was done by a rich person, a capitalist, by taking unreasonable checks and promissory notes from a person who has no financial support. It means a kind of slavery. All the fines of this person will make the rich and the poor not involve themselves and their personality in slavery and being enslaved.

26. The issue of education and health by the "Federalist People's Government": there is no discrimination between Iranians to receive educational and health services by the "Federalist People's Government". It is preferable to increase the salary of the teachers instead of increasing the number of buildings in the educational system. Instead of increasing the number of private schools, teachers should be paid more. Instead of passing the exam, the talent search system is done by the Federalist People's Government. This system is not in my area of ​​expertise to say exactly how to implement it. Of course, talent search experts, psychologists based on William Glaser's selection theory, and university scholars and sociologists can do things for the talent search system, which are paid to these scholars according to the daily salary in the country. However, the issue of training and systematization by these loved ones is not equal to money. The only aspect of the paid money is that these dear talent search system builders get the capital and experience the feeling of satisfaction and winning from building the system. Maintenance and reporting of this system is done by academic, experimental and clinical scientists. These people must prove their competence according to the opinion of the people of the same state. If in the monthly and annual voting that is done for each small area in the states and a person is approved by the majority of 50% of the people, he can be maintained and systemized. Continue to find talent. The level of achievement of these professionals will be financially rewarded. Certainly, these people can develop the country's production because they identify children at a young age, what talent they have, and show them the way with education related to the child's talent, so that this child can earn money and serve Iran on the path of his talent. If this child wants to serve the world after becoming a capitalist, there are no restrictions. We are not going to build a big prison as big as Iran by academics and people who started this system or maintain this system. Whenever a person wants, he can stop studying his talent and start doing something else. He is definitely guilty of ignoring his talent. But in history, there are many great people, entrepreneurs, and heroes who did not have talent, but they provided great service to humanity. Therefore, finding people's talent and training related to talent is supposed to provide the path for about 60% of children. Definitely, the remaining 40% will experience a change in the path in life. Also, all the useless Konkor cartels have no place in the "Federalist People's Government" to continue their useless business! They should continue their system based on finding talent and serving the people of Iran, with the aim of reaching the income of the talented person, whether in the field of a simple subject such as watering plants in the city or in the field of a complex subject such as becoming a brain specialist or an aerospace engineer. The first importance and goal of the education system is to reach the student's income. Not his memory! Not the amount of money of his parents! Rather, it depends on the student's own income from his education. Definitely, when there is complete freedom in Iran, he will stay in Iran and spend all his income in Iran without fearing that he might be gay, without fearing that he might not marry, without fearing that he might want to become a prostitute because of sexual diversity. has it. Not everyone is going to go to heaven like sheep!!! It was supposed and it is supposed that all people will go to heaven knowingly and freely.



###########################################################################
###########################################################################
###########################################################################

Thanks to all the people who love me from God. Thanks to all the positive and negative energies that made me. Thanks to my teachers who made me like this with their training. This law is suddenly promoted by the hands of the free people of the way of reality. The reality of this world is discovered by the free. Many thanks to Imam Ali, a perfect human being in government and politics. Many thanks to Korosh Kabir, Iranian prophet and teacher and perfect human being on the way to reality. Many thanks to all the teachers whose names I did not mention, but they are present in my soul and literature.
